org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.WebsitesTest testSucceed
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.WebsitesTest testBlocked
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.WebsitesTest testHeaderData
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.WebsitesTest checkListOfMeasurementsTest
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.PerformanceTest testStreaming
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.PerformanceTest testNDT
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.PerformanceTest testRequestLineDetection
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.PerformanceTest testListOfMeasurements
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.PerformanceTest testFieldManipulation
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.PerformanceTest testFieldManipulationDetection
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.PerformanceTest testHeaderData
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.PerformanceTest testRequestLine
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.SettingsTest privacyAutoPublishPreferencesTest
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.MainActivityWebsitesTest deleteCustomWebsiteTest
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.MainActivityWebsitesTest addCustomWebsiteTest
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.MainActivityWebsitesTest lunchCustomWebsiteIntentTest
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.TestResultsMainScreenTest testListOfResults
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.TestResultsMainScreenTest testHeaderData
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.TestResultsMainScreenTest deleteResultsTest
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.TestResultsMainScreenTest filterTest
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.CircumventionTest testSuccessPsiphon
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.CircumventionTest testBlockedPsiphon
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.CircumventionTest testBlockedRiseUpVPN
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.CircumventionTest testSuccessfulRiseUpVPN
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.CircumventionTest testHeaderData
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.CircumventionTest testBlockedTor
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.CircumventionTest testSuccessTor
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.OoniRunActivityTest openValidWithUrs
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.OoniRunActivityTest openValid
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.OoniRunActivityTest openOutdatedVersion
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.InstantMessagingTest testSuccessFacebookMessenger
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.InstantMessagingTest testHeaderData
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.InstantMessagingTest testSuccessWhatsApp
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.InstantMessagingTest testBlockedFacebookMessenger
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.InstantMessagingTest testSuccessSignal
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.InstantMessagingTest testSuccessTelegram
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.InstantMessagingTest testBlockedWhatsApp
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.InstantMessagingTest testBlockedTelegram
org.openobservatory.ooniprobe.ui.resultdetails.InstantMessagingTest testBlockedSignal
